what's up guys it's a fucking beautiful
day out so I'm going to try to get
through this quick and then go outside
and also i just made a commentary the
exact same one was going to do right now
and sony bag has crashed or whatever i
lost all my recording and stuff so that
kind of sucks i'm trying to get this one
over quick then but anyways two pretty
big videos went up yesterday one was on
my channel when it was on demonic
opposites channel so i'll put a link in
description to both videos one was my
first episode in this new series that i
started where i talk about things that i
do while doing free-for-alls and using a
sniper rifle so they're like sniping
tutorials for free for all and stuff
like that but the second appt second
video I mean it was on demonic copses
channel and it was just a dual comm that
we did over my gameplay so go check that
out if you already haven't and if you
have come to my channel from watching
that thanks I appreciate it and yeah it
was my first dual commentary I've ever
done so don't blame me for not talking
this much but uh yeah I hope to do more
do comms in the future that one was
really fun so yeah anyways a lot of you
guys would tell me that I need to be
more energetic with my videos so that's
what I'm trying to do I like 15 years
old and my voice is actually pretty deep
so I try to make it sound higher than it
actually is because somebody gave me
some advice I sounded like a stone or
when I was doing a commentary once so
they told me to try to make my voice
sound not as deep and stuff like that so
that's what i do but i guess was making
me sound really boring and stuff like
that and make me sound like I'm out of
breath or something like I guess my mic
picks up me breathing a lot so I don't
really know about that and I just
figured out on Sony Vegas that I didn't
have it like set to normalized which
makes you hear everything and
all the different stuff to my voice and
stuff like that but I'm gonna try to
make myself look so I'm more energetic
leave a comment below if you think I
sound more energetic in this video and
then I'll stay the same in all my videos
but yeah anyways um this kind of sucks
that my last thing failed but i was i
wish i didn't know i kinda want to go
outside right now but uh yeah another
thing that I'd like to ask when I just
like to ask it's big part for you guys
it's got regards to my new series that i
was talking about look at that tomahawk
fucking rape that guy but uh yeah i like
to ask you guys if you know of any
community channels to send my video
their way or if you only if your buds
with any guys that run community
channels if you could send my video
their way or just leave a comment in the
comment section tell me about or not
telling me but just like leaving the
link to some community channel so that
maybe i could post a future episode of
my series on just because i'm trying to
get a little more renown and stuff like
that and i'm trying to the series out
there a bit more just because not a lot
of people know how to snipe in black ops
and i'm trying to help them so if that
you guys could do that it'd be greatly
appreciated i mean it would be a big
part on you guys so if you can I thank
you with a million thank-yous and shit
like that but uh yeah it'd be a be kind
of cool if I kind of got like big off
this series and it'd be awesome so
yeah guys that's pretty much all I got
to talk to you about today this is a
pretty quick game on Nuketown i know i
posted a new cam video i think two
videos ago so sorry for posting the same
map like that but i actually when i was
doing my first recording i had a
different gameplay and the gameplay
froze so i recorded it wrong and stuff
like that so I'm gonna have to go back
and record it but yeah so I guys I hope
you guys like this video and it's just
about over so a quick little recap don't
forget to check out the description for
a link to my video and to the dual comm
on demonica opsys channel but uh I gotta
go peace